Of course.
I need the drink warmer.
Okay. Ah..
Where is that? Hmm, okay.
We put that, over there.
Ahh. Map, map, map
Finny, did you take the map?
And where's the flask?
Oh, here it is. Never mind!
Oh, do not forget this.
Finny?
Where is that boy?
Dad, Dad!
Something great happened, Dad!
I actually made friends today!
We climbed a cactus, and threw rocks
into the canyon that was so deep,
we couldn't even hear the land!
It was great!
Tomorrow we...
Are you even listening, Dad?
I... I'm sorry, Finny.
No, not again!
You've just finished the new house!
I just made friends!
It's different this time.
All animals of the world
have been called to a gathering.
Well, I'm staying here!
No, listen.
There is a flood coming, Finny.
We'll drown if we don't leave.
Water? Here?
That's your lamest excuse ever!
It's always the weather, or noisy neighbors,
or birds pooping on the...
...porch.
I know how you feel, Finny,
But it's my job to keep you safe.
Now.
Where did I put that umbrella?
Oh. Ready?
Guess so.
Come on.
We got a long ways to go.
We'll find our place.
Are we there yet?
- Woah!
I think this is it.
Looks like the flood
will be here soon.
Calm down, Finny.
They wouldn't make us come all this way
without some kind of a plan,
Right?
Good spot.
- Hey.
- Quiet, please!
Quiet!
Behold!
The king of the animals!
Ah, look at this fella, Finny.
Everything will be fine.
I'm afraid I have some
terrible news.
Aah, I knew it!
Dad, everybody's staring.
But it gives me great hope to see
all you animals standing together as one.
The fleshy doom carnivores.
And the vegetarian herbs.
In this together we will make our stand
against the upcoming events.
You may have noticed that
the weather has been a little erratic lately.
You may certainly have asked yourselves
what might happen next.
A flood!
So great that it can cover the earth,
engulfing and destroying everything in its path!
- Oh, no!
- There shall be no survivors.
Hey, mister, what's that
boat-shaped thing behind ya?
Oh, yes, yes.
I was getting to that point.
There wouldn't be any survivors
if it wasn't for
a very nice human called Noah.
- Noah?
- He's building a huge ark
A ship to keep us animals safe
until the flood has passed.
I told you they had a plan.
I probably should've
started with that.
Well, I, the king of the animals, has been
appointed captain of the ark by Noah himself.
He put me in charge
of managing all animal affairs.
So, Noah has some rules.
First of all, there is a ban
on carnivores eating herbivores.
What?
I should think so too.
He seems pretty serious
about that.
Sadly.
- Hey, let them go!
- Uh, excuse me!
Yes?
Does that ban start now,
or when we board the ship?
The ban starts now.
See? I told you.
And?
And, finally, all animals
are welcome on the ark.
Yes!
As long as you are on Noah's list.
- What did he say?
- See you tomorrow at the check-in.
List? What list?
Next.
Good day!
- Now, who do we have here?
- We're songbirds, from Australia!
Well, then you're on the list.
Welcome aboard.
Sign here, please!
Thank you, you've checked in.
Have a nice trip!
- Next.
- We are tigers from Siberia.
Welcome aboard.
- Next.
- Oh, that's me! Coming, coming now.
Left foot, middle foot,
right foot, left...
Ah, focus, Tanglefoot!
Focus! Come on!
Hi, I'm a Tanglefoot!
- Next.
- Ah, here we go.
- We are elephants.
- From India or Africa?
- Huh? Are you kidding?
- Huh?
You're checked in.
Next. Welcome aboard. Next.
Welcome on the ark. Next.
Next... next... next...
Next.
Hey.
Hello, I'm Dave.
I'm a Nestrian.
Nestrian?
That rings a bell.
Where are you from?
Ah, uh, actually, sir,
we don't really know!
We gotta travel the world
looking for a place to stay.
Wait a second. Aren't you the fellow
that riffle blue gas
- when you get scared?
- Oh, you've heard of us?
- I'm sure we're gonna have a great trip!
- I'm sorry, next.
What? No, this must be
a mistake!
If you're not on the list,
you're not on the ark.
Now, please.
Don't send us away.
We can be of great use to you.
It's a long trip, right?
We can make things
nice and cozy for all of you.
Nestrians are great
home makers!
I can even make a place
like this look good.
- Margaret lives here.
- I think we've wasted enough time.
No, you can't do this!
You're not going to let some
over sensitive, cave-dwelling,
paper-pushing, crazy woman called
"Margaret" tells us what to do!
Right?
We're all guys here, huh?
- I'm Margaret.
- Aah!
- Aah! Nestrians!
Get out of here!
Thank goodness we're on the ark!
Oh, hey, Dad!
Hey.
Leah?
- Well?
- Well what?
We are Grymps.
Of course we're on board.
What are you doing?
Oh, sorry, Mom. I forgot myself.
You, young lady, have a lot to learn
about being a Grymp.
- Now, come on.
- Yes, mom.
So, Dad, how did it go?
Never have gone better.
Really? Excellent!
- We're gonna be on the ark! Hep-hep Horey!
- Uh, come on, son. Come on. Let's go.
Did you see
those cool-looking black cats?
I think they're called Grymps, right?
Maybe we will meet them again on board.
Do you think all the animals of the world
will be on there with us?
Uh, well, it is
a pretty big boat, you know.
Hm, could you pass me the rope?
Oh, sure.
And will there be bears and elephants?
The door, please?
That's gonna be so awesome.
Yeah, sure.
Uh, dad?
Uh, you know,
this place turned out pretty well.
Almost ashamed to leave, isn't it?
- What are you talking...
- I mean, we could stay here if you like
- Maybe this time you can even make..
- Dad, we didn't get on the ark, did we?
I'm sorry, Finny,
we are not on the list.
Ah, I knew they'd turn us away!
Nestrians!
- We just don't fit in.
- Don't say that.
I'll find us a home.
A place where you'll make friends.
Finny, look at me.
I'll get us on the ark, okay?
You mean it?
I give you my word.
Your attention, please.
Do not forget to show your boarding passes
and print it on your boots.
Thank you.
Okay, straight ahead.
Enjoy your trip.
Welcome aboard.
Zebras...
Level 2, cabin 743.
Have a nice trip!
- Next!
- Sure.
Hey, don't cut in the line.
Sorry, guys, we're in a hurry. It's the
Griffins. Check the list, if you can read.
- Help!
- Huh?
Get me out!
The bad breath is killing me!
Get me out of here!
Hey, spit him out!
You know the rules!
Can't you pull yourself
together for once?
I didn't come here all the way
from Kansas to get eaten.
Oh, you look so tasty.
You guys scram
before things get ugly.
No offense, mate. But, uh
You're a gorilla. Things are already ugly.
You asked for it.
You really think this is
gonna work?
We'll get on the ark.
You'll see.
Please do not leave your baggage
unattended or it may be eaten.
Do you think we'll be
the only Grymps on board?
Why do you ask?
I just thought it might be nice
to have some company.
Company? Grymps don't do company.
The only way to survive
is to look out for ourselves.
- How many times do I have to...
- Hey, nice highlights!
Ooh, nice highlights!
Would you mind what you do
with that thing?
- Grymps coming through!
- Grrr!
- Uh-oh!
- Is that some sort of joke?
Darling, there you are.
Ha-ha!
What's the rush?
You really think you're gonna
get away with this?
Not so loud.
Pretty good, huh?
- You think I look like that?
- It was his idea!
I'm going to tell the guards
what you are trying to pull.
- Good day to you, sir.
- Don't touch me.
- We are Grymps. He-he.
- He's a liar!
Oh, boy.
Okay, straight ahead.
Don't believe a word
this thing is saying.
Hey, go work out your family
issues in your cabin.
- This isn't my husband!
- You are not the only ones who want aboard.
- But I...
- Another word, you're off.
Next!
This way, Mr. and Mrs. Grymp.
See? Told you we'll get
on the ark.
Yeah!
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
This is your captain speaking.
Please proceed to your cabins
with the initial boarding process.
Our sailing time will be
approximately 40 days and 40 nights.
We're expecting some
choppy seas and light drizzles.
Thank you.
Hey, get off!
This is our cabin!
Coming through.
Ha! Check this out!
Good! Ocean view!
May I also remind you that this is
a non-carnivores voyage.
Thank you for
your understanding.
I could really gulp some
giraffes right about now
Captain, you're still on air!
Whoops!
Thanks for playing along.
You've saved our lives.
Grymps don't save lives.
We take 'em.
Love you too.
May I present your deluxe cabin.
Including of exclusive ocean view
and king sized Haystock
for your charming family.
This isn't my husband.
Throw him off this ark!
Come on, darling.
We'll make this place home
in no time.
If I may be so direct,
you two make a rather endearing couple.
- Where are you going?
- None of your business.
Cool! Count me in!
Hey, I'm Finny.
You know, I bet everyone thinks
we're brother and sister.
I'm not looking for
a little sister.
What? No!
You'd be the little sister.
And I'd be the...
Hey.
What are we doing here?
I wanna see the flood
with my own eyes.
You might've hurt somebody.
"You might've hurt somebody."
Run back to daddy
if you're scared.
For your own safety, please do not leave
cabin during our voyage.
Thank you for your cooperation.
I knew there was no flood.
I don't think we're
allowed up here.
- Where's your sense of adventure?
- Huh?
- Doesn't look like you have one.
- I sure do.
- Hey!
- Huh!? Whoa!
You kids ain't allowed up there!
Phew, that was...
Hmm, where'd they go?
Get your tail in.
Ah, sorry.
- Ha!
- Aah!
Hey, stop!
Come back here!
You kids are in big trouble!
Maybe if we start crying,
he'll feel bad and let us go.
You can do whatever you like.
I am a Grymp.
We don't show fear.
You don't scare me!
Grawh!
Yeah, you better run!
Wow, that was awesome.
Did you see
the look on his face?
Yeah! That's the look.
The flood!
What do we do? What do we do?
What do we do?
Relax, we're on an ark.
Right, this is the ark.
What am I worried about?
- This isn't the ark.
- What?
This isn't the ark!
Leah, come inside.
Hold on, Finny!
Finny?
Oh, no! The ark!
Hey, stop!
Stop!
- Don't go without us!
- Wait!
Wait!
Hey!
Don't... stop...
- Hey!
No!
Don't leave without us.
- You can swim, right?
- I don't know, never been in the water!
Time to find out!
Aah...
Huh?
Look, they're bringing us
back to the ark.
- Thanks for helping us!
- Ha-ha-ha!
You're welcome.
Hey, hey, you! What are you doing?
This is the wrong way.
They're definitely not helping us.
We're helping ourselves
we need a flight snack.
- Huh!
- You're next! Ha-ha-ha!
Oh no, don't tell me
you've got Grymp-ed again.
What the heck was that?
How many times do I have to
tell ya? Eat slowly.
Oh, but I'm so hungry!
Great, they were the only
food left!
Whatever you did, it worked.
Dad, Dad!
Dad!
Oh, no! They're leaving
without us!
What are we gonna do?
The flood, it will be here soon!
I don't know about you
but I'm gonna keep moving.
Children?
What children?
Leah!
Finny?
Oh!
- Where's my daughter?
- Ack!
- Thanks, guys.
- No worries.
Leah?
Finny?
Uh-huh, uh-huh?
No, she did not!
Ugh, does it know where
the kids are or not?
Shh!
No.
- Finny?
- Leah!
Finny?
- Finny?
- Leah?
- Finny!
- Leah!
Finny!
Where are you?
You probably don't know this.
but running away
is a Nestrian's specialty.
Dad and I just can't seem to sit still.
Although, that's all
I want to do right now.
I think we're high enough.
We should make
a shelter for the night.
What's all this "we" stuff?
I told you to get lost already.
I'm a Grymp.
We're loners.
Are you sure?
Nestrians are great company.
and we build pretty good shelters.
Forget it, we'll make our own shelters
and go our seperate ways in the morning.
Oh, please.
Just a minute!
I'm in the bath!
Hmm... Oh, hi!
How nice of you to drop by.
You're glowing.
Oh, thanks.
Oh, right.
It happens in the dark.
Comes in handy when you're...
Bad idea.
Light attracts enemies.
Can't you switch it off?
Nope, but do come inside.
We're safe here, um...?
Ugh, Leah.
I'm Finny.
Did i mention Nestrians
are great huggers?
Somebody looks like
she could use a hug.
Don't even think about it.
You like?
What a waste of effort
for just one night, huh.
Nah, it's nothin'.
I can build a house anytime
I want to.
Nestrians don't stay in one place
for long anyways.
That's weird.
Dad says we have to
"Find our place" or whatever.
Which totally sucks
when you want to make...
You know, friends.
I'll stay here tonight,
but that's it.
Tomorrow morning, I'm out of here.
On my own.
I guess the lion was right
about the flood.
Yeah.
But we're safe here for the night.
And our parents will definitely come
and get us in the morning.
I wonder if my mother
even knows I'm missing.
Of course she does.
But my dad,
he must be worried sick!
I don't remember eating that.
I've told that girl a million times
not to leave my sight.
I have a bad feeling about this.
- What?
- I believe, I have found your children.
I knew it.
Come on now, chop chop.
Those aren't our kids!
- Are you quite sure?
- Of course we're sure!
Those are hippos!
Do we look like hippos?
Well,
- Yes.
- What?
I didn't get on this ark to be insulted.
Do you know what a Grymp
is capable of when he gets angry?
Eh, I think
I'm gonna be sick again.
Get in there, you stowaways!
This is a mistake!
What seems to be the problem?
This better be important.
I'm getting my mane done.
Finally, somebody reasonable.
Captain, you've got to turn the ship around.
I'm in charge here, and I will not turn
this ship around for anyone.
But captain...
Lock up these stowaways.
I'll deal with them later.
What, no, no,
I'm not a stowaway!
He dragged me into this.
Now, you and your hubbie
can sort it out, hmm?
No! Our kids are
drowning out there.
And we're locked up in here.
This is all your fault!
I'm as worried about the children
as you are.
But if we want to get out of here,
we have to work together.
You'd better think of a way
out of here fast.
Because I am getting hungry.
What the...?
Where is the forest?
What are you doing?
I'm building my own ark.
Now I know what you're thinking.
Where's the bed, right?
How about sleeping in a
comfy hammock?
That's pretty good.
See, and you thought
you'd be better off without me.
Oops.
Oh, crying isn't gonna help.
I'm not crying.
Well, you should be.
Wait! if you're not crying,
what's that noise?
Those flying bats are back!
We have to get away from here!
There! Dry land!
Hey, check out the clumsy bloke.
Easy prey, ey?
Leah!
I can't!
Ugh!
Whoa!
Ripe for the picking!
- Aah!
- Get off me!
Oh, I hate Grymps!
Whoa, whoa!
Whoa!
Hi!
- Ready?
- Nope.
Thanks, Leah, that was..
No more playing around!
Yeah, time for breakfast.
I'm so sorry!
It can't be helped
when someone tickles my nostrils.
Bless you!
Thanks.
Oh, oh, the water, it's here already!
It's even worse than I thought.
Who is that?
A giant tortoise?
Don't know, but it's helping them.
Looks like we got to come up with..
something else.
Thanks for helping us.
I'm Finny.
And this is Leah.
Uh, she's um..
She's not much of a talker.
My name is Obesey.
Are you talking to yourself again?
- Hmm?
- Hi.
Hi!
Why aren't you kids on the ark?
Are you rejects too?
He's the reject. Not me.
Our presence on the ark wasn't welcome either.
Hey, speak for yourself Fatso! That stupid
Flamingo just messed up my paper work.
I'm sorry about him.
Stuck himself to me
two years ago but it won't get off.
My name's Stayput.
I'm Obesey's best friend.
You are so annoying.
We joke like this all the time.
Now I have to share my last moments
with a constant ridge chattering back sit driver.
Hey, why don't you guys
come with us?
What?
Oh, most kind of human, but I'm afraid
we'll just slow you down.
Zip, Fatso! Don't listen to him!
We'd love to come with you!
But where to, exactly?
Hmm..
High up.
Away from the flood.
Good idea!
Look at him.
Hmm?
How is he supposed to get up there?
Come on, Leah,
they've saved us.
We can't just leave them
here to drown.
Ugh! Fine, but they're
your responsibility!
Welcome to the team!
Really?
We can come with you?
Great! See how things go
when I do the talking?
Let's go!
Ugh, I don't believe this.
That, That's how it'll go down
like a ton of bricks. Ha-ha-ha!
Do you hear that?
What?
Its dead silence.
What do you expect?
We're the only ones left.
Not the only ones.
Relax.
We're a team now.
We're safe.
Well, then we don't have anything
to worry about, do we?
Exactly!
Head ups down there,
gratchy pants.
Let's keep it moving!
It's really cool that
you decide to come with us.
We're all going the same way.
What choice do I have?
Come on, you gotta admit it.
We make a great team.
Stop calling us a team!
Oh, you are so right.
We totally need a team name.
How about The Flood Runners?
Or The Fearsome Four?
Or Master of the Mountains?
Shut up!
Oh, no, no. I wouldn't do that
If I were you.
We're below the water line.
Let's think for a minute.
If we want to get out of here,
we need a well thought out plan.
Hmm?
Oh, that's it!
Okay! Okay, okay!
So, we're here, in the brick.
Where's the captain?
Right! Up in the bridge.
So, we'll ask the guards
to let us out.
Then we go through this corridor
Up to the bridge.
We reason with the captain.
He will turn the ship around.
and we'll all get the kids.
No, there's no reasoning
with the guard or the lion.
- Oh.
- I have a real plan.
I'll fight my way
through the corridor.
Take that.
Then I take out the captain.
Oh, wow, great plan.
But didn't you forget that
we're still locked up in here?
Darn it.
How are we gonna get out?
Ah, didn't you say
you were hungry?
Help!
You come back here!
Aah, somebody come in here!
Oh, boy.
Huh?
Stop! No hunting on the ark.
What idiot puts a herbivore
and a carnivore in the same cell?
I'm sorry, sir, that must have been
someone from the boarding ship pa...
Hey! You can't...
Wow, that was close!
A little uh, a little
too exciting for my taste.
Your plan worked.
You make good bait.
Oh, really?
Hey, let me out!
Which way?
We don't have much time.
I don't like it in here.
Uh, let me think.
I'll be your best friend
if you let me out.
Uh, um. This way?
Someone's coming! Aah!
Oh, no.
What the...?
Oh, hey, guys,
come on, let me out!
Come on! Please, let me out!
You can't do this.
Thanks!
What happened?
The stowaways, they got out.
They tricked me,
and I didn't see it coming.
She pretended that she was hunting him,
so I went in to stop her,
and I said,
"Hey, No hunting on the ark!"
I knew they were trouble.
Are you okay, sweetie?
I'm okay.
If I get my hands on those skanks,
They're gonna pay for the...
- Uh... Huh?
- Huh?
- Let's get them!
- Let's go get them, sweetie!
- I'm sorry, the gas...
- Sssh!
I'm going up to level 4.
Sometimes, it happens
when we get really, you know
scared.
How do you survive a single day?
Now shut up and read the map.
Up that ladder.
And then it's uh... Wha!
Children, please, wait!
Turn left!
Other left.
Through that door on
the next floor.
Uh, up the stairs, to the bridge!
- You have reached your destination.
- Ssh, quiet!
I hope there's a doctor on board.
Maybe I should try to talk
to him again, it's...
No! No more talking.
I'll do this my way,
the Grymp way.
You just stay here.
Don't do anything.
Could you manage that?
Or is that too much to ask of a Nestrian.
Captain!
Come in!
Hi! How are you, uh, doing?
I was wondering
if I could have a word with you?
You again?
My, you're a persistent
little creature.
Your Highness, we...
I have a big problem.
Our kids are out there.
Captain, you have to turn
the ship around.
I believe we discussed
that issue.
But sir, please.
You're really starting to
get on my last nerve.
But my son.
He's all I have.
I see, I'm not going to
get rid of you that easily.
I suppose I could make an exception to the
troops between herbivores and carnivores!
I didn't think
anyone will miss a little...
Nestrian.
I told you,
there's no talking to this guy.
You know what?
We make a great team.
Let's find our children.
That's where they have got to be.
Candle-light dinner.
Just the two of us.
Oh yes, darling.
We haven't done this in ages.
Whoa.
That sure is a long way down.
Maybe there's another way.
Forget it!
We can't afford to waste
anymore time on detours.
You've already spent half a day
making that stupid hat for Obesey.
But he needed some shade.
I told you he would slow us down.
My fellow mountaineers.
Might we stop for a quick break?
There is no time for breaks, look!
Well, I guess
it's the bridge then.
Okay, I'm going ahead.
You need to go slowly,
and one by one.
Keep a good distance between each other.
Some of these rocks are very loose.
So wait for my word.
And then...
And then what?
You gotta be kidding me!
Dinner's coming.
Obesey, check it out!
You're a giant bumblebee!
Hey, where's Leah?
Don't worry, she's fine.
Right, Leah?
Never been better.
Up, up and away, Captain!
Aye-aye!
At this rate, we'll
reach the top in no time.
What are you doing?
Get us down now.
Wow!
We will soon have reached
our cruising altitude.
Oh no!
Oh, oh my.
I need to lie down.
You are always lying down.
- Leah?
- I knew it!
Are you okay?
I knew this would happen!
Look! Up there!
It leads straight to the top!
Oh, yeah!
Even you can get up there, big guy.
Yeah, we are the best team ever.
- Yeah!
- Let's go!
I'm going on by myself.
- What?
- The whole team thing, it's not for me.
But we've come so far.
Far?
I shouldn't even be here.
I'm supposed to be in the ark
with my mom.
And it's your fault that I'm not.
But Leah..
Where are you gonna go?
It is safer to stay with us.
I'm going on alone.
I don't need advice
from an over-grown slug.
Wait, I think
I know what will fix this.
Someone needs a hug!
I'm done. Goodbye.
But I thought we were a team.
What do we do now?
If the offer for a hug is still on the table,
I think I can do with one.
Captain, Lion! we got a security-breach
type situation.
The guards!
I'll take care of him.
Wait a second.
Come in, what are you
waiting for?
Sir!
What seems to be the problem?
Uh, a Nestrian and a Grymp
escape from the brick, sir.
What idiot would let a Nestrian escape?
Well, sir.
Go and get them before
they cause a mutiny.
Don't just stand there.
The entire animal kingdom is at stake.
Yes, sir! Right away, sir!
We're not gonna be able to
keep this up for much longer.
We've got to find Leah and Finny soon.
We will.
Uh, I mean, we will.
Grymps are loners.
Grymps don't show fear.
Uh, why did I just listen to mom
from the start?
Grymps don't flock,
herd or swarm.
We do not make friends.
Ah, Leah, get a grip!
Mom!
Finny!
- Grab on to my tongue!
- What?
I said grab on to my tongue!
Ah, you save me!
Oh, that was nothing,
don't mention it.
Well, you know,
I'm not going to boast with that,
I was part of a rescue team too.
But, what I said.
I forgive you, sweetie.
And actually, it was his idea.
Heh?
I just thought
I'd get the team back together.
Go team, Flood Runners!
Uh, wait a second. I thought
we went with "Masters of the Mountain?
Didn't we decide on team
"Slow but steady"?
I actually like
"The Fearsome Four".
Agree!
Come on, guys! We're on a roll.
It shouldn't take too long until
we reach the...
Oh, boy!
So Leah, still happy
we saved you?
I mean, good to have you back.
Don't mind me.
I'm a babbler. Carry on.
Hey, watch where you're going,
dosy eyes.
So dark.
Anybody got a torch?
Wow!
This isn't so bad.
Finny?
Are you there?
- Ouch!
- I'm here.
Hey, check it out!
Ta da!
Now, why can't I do
something like that?
Because you are parasite,
and not a grow worm.
Follow me.
I'll light the way.
Oh yeah, I'm a parasite.
And you turned out
to be quite the host.
Just because I love onions
doesn't mean I like the neighborhood.
Are you okay?
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
Finny, Obesey needs a break.
No problem.
This looks like a good place
to make camp for the night.
Here?
Come on guys, give me a hint.
Trust me,
he knows what he's doing.
You Nestrians sure know
how to make things cozy, don't ya?
You bet.
We should reach the peak
in the morning.
But the flood.
It seems unstoppable.
Maybe we're not destined to survive.
Have you thought about that?
All my life,
people have been making fun of me,
saying I was good for nothing.
I never fitted in anywhere.
Now they don't even want me
on the ark.
I'm just...
Fat?
No!
Doomed!
Don't say that!
We can't give up now.
We'll have a rest, and then we'll head
for the peak, and signal for the ark.
Yeah, come on, big guy.
Relax a little.
We got a long way to go.
I got a long way to go.
You're just sitting up there.
Come on! I'm getting seasick
in my sleep here.
Sorry. The ground's
so hard as a rock.
Maybe that's because
it is a rock. huh?
I told you
he knows what he's doing.
No doubt.
Don't stop, Obesey.
Keep on going.
Okay.
Good night, everyone.
Night, Finny.
You know, we're doing alright here.
They can't be far.
I wonder if they're still
alive at all.
I've always been so hard on her.
Trying to prepare her for life.
You know?
Make her tough.
And now,
Hey.
I'd promised my son that
I'd get him on the ark.
and I'm gonna keep my word.
I just know Leah is with him.
You, um...
You glow.
I know. I know.
Rain?
Run!
The water! We gotta get out of here!
Come on, this way!
Come on, Obesey!
Come on, you can do it!
I can't.
Go on without me.
Hey, you're not the only one here!
Oh, no!
Help him! Help us!
Huh?
You want help?
You got it!
- Ah!
- Thanks, guys!
There, daylight!
Come on, Obesey, get it up!
Get it up!
- This is it!
- Yeah, if Obesey would hurry up.
- Coming Through! Ah!
- Aah!
Oh, boy.
Look, no hands!
Ha-ha-ha!
There is another way out!
Stop now, Obesey!
You can stop!
Obesey, stop!
I can't!
Hey!
Wow, I think you've found your true calling, Obesey.
You're not a slug, you're a plug.
I... I suppose I am!
Oh!
Obesey, stop!
- Come on, Obesey!
- Back it up!
Don't touch me there!
Not my nostrils, stop!
Oh, what a rain!
Oh, no!
I'm famished.
Tell me about it.
So what now, we wait
until food just drops out of the sky?
- What the?
- Cool! You are a genius, darling!
Nothing like home delivery, eh?
Where's your big slug friend
to help you now?
Oh, there he is.
- Obesey!
- Stayput!
- Remember us!
- As heroes!
No, they're..
- We have to..
- No, Finny!
They're gone.
Come on, Finny. Obesey and Stayput
wouldn't want us to give up.
We really have to go.
This is it.
How much time
do you think we have?
Not a lot.
We're alive! Yeah!
Yeah, but what now?
Can you see the mountain anywhere?
No. It's gone.
We gotta do something, Finny!
This can't be the end.
Obesey was right!
We're not destined to survive.
I'm sorry I dragged you
into this, Leah.
Hey.
It wasn't your fault
that we fell off the ark.
It was mine.
I never would have survived this long
if it wasn't for you, Finny.
You're a real...
...friend.
Come on, give me a hug.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe it!
I told you I was a great hugger.
Not that!
The ark!
We're saved!
- Hey!
- Over here!
- Hello!
- Hey!
- Hey! Hello!
- We're over here!
There is nothing but water.
- Hey! We're here!
- I don't think they can see us.
We gotta do something!
- Scare me!
- What?
I said "Scare me"!
I think we're too late.
Oh, my!
- It's Finny!
- Is Leah with him?
Uh-oh!
Ouch!
- I said scare me, not bite me!
- Next time, be more specific.
It worked!
She's alive!
I told you we'd find them.
Where am I?
Oh! Look who's awake?
You!
- Hold the course.
- Aye-Aye.
What are they doing?
Come on, move!
Come on!
- Huh?
- Wait a second.
I'm in charge here!
Huh?
Let go on three.
Three.
Is that all you got?
My hair!
How very dare you!
looks like I've got to get
my claws dirty, after all?
You wanna play dirty?
How's that for dirty?
- Thank you.
- Let's go!
- Arks have brakes, right?
- Stop!
We're safe!
Finny!
Thanks! Let's get on the ark.
What are you waiting for?
Finny!
- Leah, take my hand.
- Mom, no!
Finny!
I'm never letting you
out of my arms again.
- You don't understand!
- Where's Finny?
He fell over board.
I don't think Finny can swim.
Neither can I.
Mom, we have to help them!
No. I can't lose you again.
But he's my friend!
You stay here!
Finny!
Finny, please!
Don't do this to me!
Finny!
Finny, no!
I'm sorry I broke my promise.
I... I'm so sorry.
Dad! Dad!
I can't breathe.
I know. We're under water.
You're, you're...
You're talking!
You're breathing!
Ah, you're alive!
But so are you, Dad!
I know!
Wow!
This is great, Dad!
I don't believe it!
It all finally makes sense.
Finny, we've found
our true home: Under water!
Hey Leah, check me out!
Oh, no! Watch out! Behind you!
Leah!
- You stay here.
- No, dad. I have to...
Stay!
- Hey!
- Hmm?
Leave them alone.
Come on, Finny! They need air!
Finny?
Take care of Leah and her mom.
- What are you doing?
- I have an idea!
Light attracts enemy.
Wait!
- Where are they?
- I don't know!
Look!
- Are you okay?
- Thank you.
Where is Finny?
He's still down there all alone.
He's doing something stupid.
Finny!
Where are you?
Over there!
It's pay-back time.
Nestrian style!
Finny! Huh?
- Finny!
- Dad! Help me!
Hang on!
Obesey!
Stayput!
You're back!
Just in time, for the heroic finale.
- You know these guys?
- I thought you were dead!
Dead? I'm not dead.
I'm a whale.
Hold onto me, Leah.
- That's Obesey!
- Present!
And Stayput!
At your service, ma'am!
- Finny!
- Hey Leah!
Obesey, would you mind
giving our friends a lift?
No problem.
Full speed ahead!
You are a real survivor.
Finny.
You little Nestrian.
Huh?
You saved my daughter's life.
And mine.
And consequentially mine as well.
And mine. Now come here.
Wow! Grymps are good huggers too.
I assume you have found your children.
- We sure did.
- So, once again.
Mr. and Mrs. Grymp, if you would
finally accompany me to your cabin.
Cabin? We don't need
cabins anymore.
Come on, dad! Let's go home!
I'll see you later.
I'm coming.
- You missed, buddy.
- I know. I know.
Nestrians.
First you want on the ark,
then you want off.
Why don't you just
make up your tiny little minds?
Come one, Dad!
- Look, Isn't that those Nestrians?
- Oh, yeah.
Finally they found where they belong.
Yeah, probably we should've told them
at the check-in, don't you think? Hmm?
- Hey, Leah!
- Go, Finny! Go!
Left foot, right foot...
Ah, who needs
feet when you got fins!
You and me, we're birds of a fetti
Yeah, you know I'll stick around
And you count on me,
we'll make it together
Lift me off when I am done
Yeah we gotta keep moving
Yeah we gotta keep grooving
Yeah, we gotta keep flying to the top,
because we gotta stay truing
I say it's you and me
We're wild and free
Yeah I know that is true
'cuz I got you
Never thought that I'd find somebody
To put a smile up on my face
couldn't see where I was going
in the dark and scary place
Now the birds are
Singing in the trees
Couldn't ask for anyone better
to sing this song with me
Yeah we gotta keep moving
Yeah we gotta keep grooving
Yeah we gotta keep flying to the top
Because we gotta stay truing
I say that you and me
We are wild and free
Yeah, I know that is true
'cuz I got you
Yeah, I got you
Everybody needs someone
And that someone is you
I got you
Subtitled By: Fidel33
Sub Upload Date: May 10, 2016